give opinion Little Nightmares good adventure, platformer, puzzle side view
Adventure games that combine platforming and puzzles can be frustrating to play, but the side view perspective is perfect for them. That's why I enjoyed playing Little Nightmares.

give opinion World of Warcraft Blizzard Entertainment good
World of Warcraft is a fun game. Blizzard Entertainment is a developer that knows what they're doing and always produces a solid product.

give opinion Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne poor role-playing, turn-based strategy
Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne is an all around poor example of a turn-based strategy RPG game.

give opinion Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings T (for Teen) good multiplayer
I have fun playing Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. I like that it has a multiplayer and, since it's only rated T (for Teen), I'm able to play it with friends and younger siblings.

give opinion BioShock M (for Mature) good Steam
BioShock is a solid M rated game available on both Steam and Linux.

give opinion Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Sledgehammer Games average multiplayer
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is pretty average in my view. I think that Sledgehammer Games is a talented developer, but adding multiplayer to the game just diluted their focus and made playing it just a so-so experience.

give opinion Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines Pyro Studios good bird view
I think that games with a bird view perspective can be pretty fun if executed well, and fortunately, Pyro Studios is a competent developer. That's why I enjoyed playing Commandos: Behind Enemy Lines.

give opinion Far Cry 3 good PlayStation
I enjoyed playing Far Cry 3, like I do pretty much all PlayStation games.

give opinion Madden NFL 15 average multiplayer
Madden NFL 15 is average I guess. At first I didn't like it at all, but the multiplayer made it somewhat worthwhile.

give opinion Super Mario World E (for Everyone) excellent multiplayer
Super Mario World is my current favorite game. I love multiplayer games that are rated E (for Everyone), so this is really my cup of tea!
