Here is a text: "I would like an explanation 2005 excellent". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "So what is it about the games that were released in 2005 that you find so excellent?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation MicroProse good bird view". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "What is it about the bird view perspective games made by MicroProse that makes you enjoy them?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Capcom Production Studio 4 excellent Xbox". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "What do you find so amazing about Capcom Production Studio 4's Xbox games?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Blizzard North good hack-and-slash, role-playing". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I'm wondering, what is it about the hack-and-slash RPGs that Blizzard North makes that makes you enjoy them?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Evolution Studios poor multiplayer". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Why do you dislike Evolution Studios' multiplayer games?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Illusion Softworks excellent driving/racing, fighting, shooter". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "What makes you love Illusion Softworks' shooter games with driving and fighting elements?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Ninja Theory excellent third person". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Why are the third person games made by Ninja Theory some of your favorite games ever?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Tarsier Studios good". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I'm wondering, why do you enjoy the games made by Tarsier Studios?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Ubisoft Montreal good". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "You've mentioned games by Ubisoft Montreal to be pretty good. Why do you think that is?"


Here is a text: "I would like an explanation Valve Corporation excellent PC". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Why do you find Valve Corporation's PC games to be top tier?"

