Here is a text: "I want to verify Uncharted 4: A Thief's End excellent multiplayer". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Is playing multiplayer games something you're always up to, or was Uncharted 4: A Thief's End an unusually good one?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Euro Truck Simulator SCS Software poor driving/racing, simulation". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I know you didn't like Euro Truck Simulator. Do you also dislike other SCS Software driving games?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Assassin's Creed II Ubisoft Montreal good PlayStation". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Since you enjoyed playing Assassin's Creed II, are you into other PlayStation games by Ubisoft Montreal?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Crysis M (for Mature) good Xbox". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I remember you said you enjoyed Crysis. Are you a fan of Xbox games rated M (for Mature)?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Driver average driving/racing, simulation not multiplayer". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I recall you mentioned that Driver was just an average game. Does this sentiment hold for all driving/racing simulations which are single-player?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Far Cry 3 good action-adventure, shooter first person". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "Previously you told me that you like to play Far Cry 3. Does it mean you are fond of first person shooter games with lots of action and adventure in general?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Guitar Hero: Smash Hits poor music multiplayer". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "I remember you don't like Guitar Hero: Smash Hits. Do you think making it a single-player only game would have been a better idea for this type of a music game?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Life is Strange good third person not multiplayer". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "You told me you liked playing Life is Strange. Are you a into other third person, single-player games?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Need for Speed: The Run Firebrand Games average Xbox". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "You said that you Need for Speed: The Run was mediocre. Does the same sentiment apply to other Firebrand Games on the Xbox?"


Here is a text: "I want to verify Small World 2 Days of Wonder poor". Here is a paraphrase of the text: "You mentioned how much you dislike Small World 2. Does Days of Wonder often mess up games in your experience?"

