Here is a text: "count 83 type television eco rating a+ price range don't care family w1". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 83 televisions in the A+ eco rating, if you don't care about the price range and in the W1 family"

Here is a text: "count 70 type television screen size range medium has usb port don't care price range cheap". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 70 televisions in the medium screen size range, if you don't care about whether it has usb port or not and in the cheap price range"

Here is a text: "count 11 type television screen size range don't care family don't care hdmi port 4". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "in response to your search query 11 television were found with 4 hdmi ports if you don't care about product family or screen size range"

Here is a text: "count 50 type television eco rating don't care family w1 has usb port false". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 50 televisions if you don't care about its eco rating, in the W1 family and which does not have any usb ports"

Here is a text: "count 59 type television family don't care has usb port don't care eco rating don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 59 televisions in all product family, if you don't care about whether it has usb port or not and if you don't care about its eco rating"

Here is a text: "count 74 type television hdmi port don't care family don't care price range cheap". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 74 televisions if you don't care about the number of hdmi ports, in all product family and in the cheap price range"

Here is a text: "count 63 type television hdmi port don't care has usb port true price range cheap". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 63 televisions if you don't care about the number of hdmi ports, which has usb ports and in the cheap price range"

Here is a text: "count 105 type television hdmi port don't care family don't care eco rating a+". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 105 televisions if you don't care about the number of hdmi ports, in all product family and in the A+ eco rating"

Here is a text: "count 63 type television hdmi port don't care has usb port true price range cheap". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "There are 63 televisions if you don't care about the number of hdmi ports, which has usb ports and in the cheap price range"

Here is a text: "count 65 type television hdmi port don't care eco rating a+ has usb port false". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is an inform count dialogue act: "there are 65 televisions with no usb ports and a a+ eco rating , ignoring hdmi ports ."
