Here is a text: "hdmi port 3 hdmi port 2 hdmi port don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something with 3 hdmi ports, with 2 hdmi ports, or you don't care"

Here is a text: "screen size range large screen size range small screen size range don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something in the large screen size range, in the small screen size range, or you don't care"

Here is a text: "screen size range large screen size range small screen size range medium". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something in the large screen size range, in the small screen size range, or in the medium screen size range"

Here is a text: "hdmi port 3 hdmi port 2 hdmi port don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "you may choose , for example , something with 3 or 2 hdmi ports , or you may choose that you don't care ."

Here is a text: "eco rating b eco rating c eco rating a++". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "we have several with an a++ eco rating , a c eco rating and b eco rating ."

Here is a text: "family l2 family d1 family don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something in the L2 product family, in the D1 product family, or you don't care"

Here is a text: "hdmi port 3 hdmi port 2 hdmi port don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something with 3 hdmi ports, with 2 hdmi ports, or you don't care"

Here is a text: "eco rating b eco rating c eco rating a++". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "For example, something in the B eco rating, in the C eco rating, or in the A++ eco rating"

Here is a text: "hdmi port 3 hdmi port 2 hdmi port don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "you may choose , for example , something with 3 or 2 hdmi ports , or you may choose that you don't care ."

Here is a text: "screen size range large screen size range small screen size range don't care". Here is a rewrite of the text, which is a suggest dialogue act: "are you looking for a large screen size , small screen size , or any size ?"
